Sample case study: Dress4Win
This is a sample case study that may be used on the Professional Cloud Architect exam. It describes a fictitious business and solution concept to provide additional context to exam questions.

Dress4Win is a web-based company that helps their users organize and manage their personal wardrobe using a web app and mobile application. The company also cultivates an active social network that connects their users with designers and retailers. They monetize their services through advertising, ecommerce, referrals, and a freemium app model. The application has grown from a few servers in the founder’s garage to several hundred servers and appliances in a colocated data center. However, the capacity of their infrastructure is now insufficient for the application’s rapid growth. Because of this growth and the company’s desire to innovate faster, Dress4Win is committing to a full migration to a public cloud.

1. Solution concept
For the first phase of their migration to the cloud, Dress4Win is moving their development and test environments. They are also building a disaster recovery site, because their current infrastructure is at a single location. They are not sure which components of their architecture they can migrate as is and which components they need to change before migrating them.

2. Existing technical environment
The Dress4Win application is served out of a single data center location. All servers run Ubuntu LTS v16.04.

Databases:

MySQL. One server for user data, inventory, static data,
MySQL 5.7
8 core CPUs
128 GB of RAM
2x 5 TB HDD (RAID 1)
Compute:

40 web application servers providing micro-services based APIs and static content
Tomcat - Java
Nginx
Four core CPUs
32 GB of RAM
20 Apache Hadoop/Spark servers:
Data analysis
Real-time trending calculations
Eight core CPUs
128 GB of RAM
4x 5 TB HDD (RAID 1)
Three RabbitMQ servers for messaging, social notifications, and events:
Eight core CPUs
32GB of RAM
Miscellaneous servers:
Jenkins, monitoring, bastion hosts, security scanners
Eight core CPUs
32GB of RAM
Storage appliances:

iSCSI for VM hosts
Fibre channel SAN - MySQL databases
1 PB total storage; 400 TB available
NAS - image storage, logs, backups
100 TB total storage; 35 TB available
3. Business requirements
Build a reliable and reproducible environment with scaled parity of production
Improve security by defining and adhering to a set of security and identity and access management (IAM) best practices for cloud
Improve business agility and speed of innovation through rapid provisioning of new resources
Analyze and optimize architecture for performance in the cloud
4. Technical requirements
Easily create non-production environments in the cloud
Implement an automation framework for provisioning resources in cloud
Implement a continuous deployment process for deploying applications to the on-premises data center or cloud
Support failover of the production environment to cloud during an emergency
Encrypt data on the wire and at rest
Support multiple private connections between the production data center and cloud environment.
5. Executive statement
Our investors are concerned about our ability to scale and contain costs with our current infrastructure. They are also concerned that a competitor could use a public cloud platform to offset their up-front investment and free them to focus on developing better features. Our traffic patterns are highest in the mornings and weekend evenings; during other times, 80% of our capacity is sitting idle.

Our capital expenditure is now exceeding our quarterly projections. Migrating to the cloud will likely cause an initial increase in spending, but we expect to fully transition before our next hardware refresh cycle. Our total cost of ownership (TCO) analysis over the next five years for a public cloud strategy achieves a cost reduction between 30% and 50% over our current model.